Optional "block" given to RPC "work_generate" to infer difficulty (#284)
nanocurrency/nano-docs: docs/commands/rpc-protocol.md

**Optional "version"**

_version 21.0+_  
Work version string. Currently "work_1" is the default and only valid option.

**Optional "block"**

_version 21.0+_  

> A valid Nano block (string or JSON). Using the optional `json_block` is recommended. If provided and no `difficulty` or `multiplier` are set, is used to calculate work generation difficulty for given block from node ledger.

Reviewer: Should we use a similar description to RPC block_create optional "difficulty"?

Author: We have "If difficulty and work values are both not given, RPC processor tries to calculate difficulty for work generation based on ledger data: epoch from previous block or from link for receive subtype; block subtype from previous block balance."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A valid Nano block (string or JSON). Using the optional `json_block` is recommended. If provided and `difficulty` or `multiplier` are both not given, RPC processor tries to calculate the approprriate difficulty threshold based on ledger data.
```

Like this maybe?

Could you also fix the lack of _newline_ in `block_create` ? See image
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12448106/82983208-9c7e3500-9fe7-11ea-8dcd-ac9316b29756.png)
